# Python_prob_sol
Here are my motivations for starting and organizing this project the way it is:
1. I've been trying to learn Python for years.  But countless online tutorials have you sitting and watching an instructor talking for hours, then giving kiddie programming assingments that have little programmer value.  You'll never get a job after completing the few short programming assignments in online courses.
2. Programming is like swimming.  You don't learn programming by watching videos.  _You learn programming by writing code!_
3. Over the years, I've taken extensive notes on Python, and written many short pieces of code that illustrate some Python feature.  In this project, I've organized them like a book.  Each 'chapter' is a set of problems that highlight an aspect of Python.  Earlier chapters use simple Python constructs, later ones use more complex concepts and consructs.
4. A common problem with online tutorials: a majority of instructors use an Apple computer.  But a 15" Apple laptop costs $2000.  So what are students supposed to do if they can't spend $2000 on a laptop?  Apparently that's not something most instructors worry too much about.  So I've chosen to focus on Windows, because you can get an entry-level Windows laptop for 25% of the price of an Apple laptop.  It's not my current focus, but I'm also open to using Chromebooks as a learning medium, because they are even cheaper than Windows laptops.
5. Most of Python code online has little or no comments.  This is unacceptable in commercial projects.  So each file has 'commercial grade' comments that show how commercial code is commented, and introduce the concept being illustrated in that file.
6. Many state-of-the-art Ptyhon courses still use an older 2.x version of the language, when the newer 3.x version has been out for years.  All my examples use Python version 3.x
